to zero
okay so this may be the last will and
testament of my saber Nintendo what I'm
doing is I'm gonna mob this hopefully so
to remove the region locking and to be
the 50 or 60 Hertz and the reason why I
do this is and I've got a super age that
included in one of my other videos which
is this doodad and for some reason it
won't work on my machine and it won't
work on the US one but as a friend of
mine has a region modded one and it
works fine on that so I'm not sure what
the logic behind it is but I'm gonna try
and region matter anyway so and first
thing I did is cycle the power off with
the with the Paris play unplugged and
doing that basic discharge as anything
that's left on the board and remove the
hateful game bit screws after spending
half an airphone in my game bit
screwdriver I've removed this bit here
but it kind of fits on this is the flat
but base is involved in helping ejected
there's a buyer and a spring involved in
that as well it's the Baron and the
spring is Italy and they're one of the
other screws so what I'm going to be
doing the diminish is looking for
somewhere to put two switches apparently
under here is pretty good and then what
what's gonna happen is I have a two
point two kilo ohms resistor that's
gonna go up between two switches and so
these are this is an example that switch
here's one that ones that me in two
positions that's got three double poles
here and I'm gonna be basically this is
following the monkey mmm monkey and
Super Nintendo pam region mod enjoyed
and I'll include a link down the bottom
and so this may work or may go horribly
wrong the M the people in Maplin assured
me that the resistor they gave me was
with still somehow close to two point
two kilo ohms and a bit of corridor what
a paragraph or even though it it's seems
to be something slightly different but
they even got the multimeter and showed
me so if it turns into a mushroom cloud
it's all their fault but I'm gonna just
kick on with this and I'll show you and
when I got a bit more dawn on a jump cut
to there and show you what's going on
okay
okay so and it's left
following Daniel don't even see the
light has changed and this is two
switches and now fortunate so many
problems is marred I didn't stop to
record as I went
so I suggested this is the black there
connect to none of you can see that this
is the parrot regulator here and
underneath there there's old G&I and the
red one carries 5 volt that connected to
the hole underneath the G's ground to
that connect to the G and then so the
black cable of G it's the base of e it's
connected to this pole and then in turn
I got a second cable looping to this one
here the red carries 5 volts to this
pole and the turn it goes to the
resistor and goes to here and this blue
one goes no I'm not taking tape off and
there is a lockout chip there and I'll
include the details right I'm a monkey
sight
okay I think it's f43 1a or something
like that and it's leg four on that and
it's such a horrible time taking that
out but it just barely managed to be
pretty much the chit the pin broke
pretty much on the just it was an orb of
it left and that was enough to solder
but I have that tape there I'm not
taking it off to show you because it's
just if it comes off I don't think that
I think it's gonna break the solder and
something is loose by the way because it
took a lot of goals to get this working
banging I'll see if we can show you here
haven't screwed this down yeah there's a
copy of Shadowrun at see us one another
you can see there that's it Ronnie now
the next mod is the fifty to sixty Hertz
one and I'm a complete coward I'm gonna
gonna leave it for maybe a week or two
it's just the if I basically fake this
up the superintendent disclosing the
band so basically I'm gonna hold off a
couple of days my hands are a bit
I'm actually a fan upper respiratory
tract infection at the moment believe it
or not and we're not trying to be Alex
and fluids and things and I was just
even more shaky than normal doing this
hang on a couple of days and see if I
can talk to it if not I might see if I
can ask your friend of mine today or
boss anyway um I'm gonna show you one
more thing hopefully so yeah jump cut
Hawaii okay so lastly but not leastly
and this is the super 8 there's the
whole reason they did this now um just
to finish up I'm not gonna do this 50 to
60 Hertz mod yet and as I said in the
last vid I'm not up to it to be blunt
and the easy and power to the mod was
just took me forever and it was really
hard which is the parrot or us from the
lift the pen up um the lockout chip the
two pins that they have to lift up to
get 50 to 60 Hertz and are much smaller
under a guard there's been a much harder
thing to do so I'm gonna see if I want
to it no week or two if not and like I
said I'm going to see if I can bribe
something to do for me and turn a couple
games something for someone with
steadier hands to do um so yeah anyway
the last thing thing as I mentioned
super age and the dual proper review and
this but just to show you it working and
there you go it whatever version of it I
got and it seems to trigger the Lockyer
chip even though the u.s. one it doesn't
seem to want to work so you've actually
got disabled the Lockyer chip for to
work so yeah just to show you with the
lockout chip I'm sorry just I didn't
show you there two switches there with
the locket chip enabled power comes on
no signal so turn the power off
hopefully this works you know after all
this
Lockette chip disabled and it works so
anyway I'm going to do a proper review
at the Super eight tomorrow and just to
show you what it does but there you go
that's half of the potential to bonds
you can do on the Super Nintendo and
like I said again do the proper
hopefully finish this off and next week
or two or maybe like yes I'm still three
or four me listen thanks to Brian Anil
the dude who am sorta me with this an
apology took so long to prove that it
was working mate but yeah it was ground
it was my Super Nintendo with its dam
restrictions ahead it was causing the
problem anyway thanks for watching us
guys and as always sorry guys and girls
were like and as always I'll see you
next time